geordie congratulations on the wind must
be happy with us yes certainly are it
was great to get em off to a winning
start especially a bonus-point win so
now we're happy enough with how it went
go few positives and a couple of things
to work on now for this weekend this is
a big game come for us plenty of tries
in the game what do you think you need
to work on them and well are some of our
first sub tackles in the first couple of
minutes rental to scratch and we're
working hard on our defense the moment
so just tightening up a few things like
that and definitely benefit us going
into the Ospreys game it's been neck and
neck the record between the two is
Leinster 12 more than them so it's tight
oh yeah it does is a tight game against
Australia they've got some serious
quality in their team and good couple of
lines coming back as well when Jones to
porec and then the lights have done
bigger and a couple of new introductions
like tebaldi as well so now they've got
a great squad I'm so it's gonna be a
good game happy with your own
performance and hoping for another
selection yeah certainly I'm yeah well
err well certainly looking for selection
again and like I said it was kind of
across the team was happy with some
aspects not so happy with others I've
got a lot to work on for this week and
hope you play better and I next week I
was just asking Matt earlier about this
I suppose the new sort of regime just
how things have been going here in in
Leinster and what sort of a start has it
been for you guys under under matt's
regime i'm very positive everyone's kind
of buying into it hugely new faces new
approach and everything like that so now
everyone's really enjoying it at the
moment and everyone's dying to play and
a lot of a party so a lot of competition
among the lads and it's a school
environment it's great for learning off
the older lads and like younger lads
just loving it so it's good getting a
good physical game like the one just at
the weekend sets you up nicely for what
its gonna be a tough contest against the
Spurs yeah it certainly is over the last
three weeks over we had Ulster
Northampton and then and Scarlet on the
weekend so we've been building and
building and building so this weekend
will be a tough clash night so I think
we'll be ready for
you